Update redirected URLs (part 40) (#15808)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rsahashedkeygenparams/index.md

- `name`
  - : A {{domxref("DOMString")}}. This should be set to `RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5`, `RSA-PSS`, or `RSA-OAEP`, depending on the algorithm you want to use.
- `modulusLength`

>   - : A `Number`. The length in bits of the RSA modulus. This should be at least 2048: see for example see [NIST SP 800-131A Rev. 1](https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-131a/rev-1/archive/2015-11-06). Some organizations are now recommending that it should be 4096.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A `Number`. The length in bits of the RSA modulus. This should be at least 2048: see for example see [SP 800-131A Rev. 2](https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-131a/rev-2/final). Some organizations are now recommending that it should be 4096.
```
